fix(components): update from `vh` to `dvh` in `post-header` to take iOS devices into account (#4747)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/nervous-rice-fly.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Changed from `vh` to device viewport height (`dvh`) unit on post-header to take into account the iOS devices height change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed from `vh` to dynamic viewport height (`dvh`) unit on post-header to take into account the mobile devices height change.
```
